docs/modules/ROOT/pages/ds/info/crafting.adoc, before:

= Crafting

Digital storage being a network storage system allows for 2 different methods of crafting items
Both methods require the resources in the network to be able to craft items. and partition space available for the output items.

== Continuous Crafting
Continuous crafting is exactly like how vanilla Satisfactory works, but without needing conveyors

The Buildings need the Factory Connection Adapter installed and the desired recipe to be set

== On Demand Crafting
On Demand Crafting will only craft the item(s) when you choose to craft them. 

This requires a few extra devices: Crafting Terminal, Crafting Server, and the correct building with the crafting adapter

[NOTE]
====
The building does not need to have a recipe set inside it the crafting adapter will choose the appropriate recipe for the crafting task
====

On Demand Crafting allows you to auto-craft items sequentially as long as the root items are available and there are enough Crafting Servers available
I.e. to craft 40 screws from Iron Ingots directly you need a minimum of the following:
* A working network
* 1 Constructor with a Crafting adapter
* 1 Crafting Server
* 1 Item Server
* 1 drive with 3 partitions for the Iron Ingots, Iron Rods and Screws
* 10 Iron Ingots available in the drive storage
When you choose to craft the 40 Screws the Crafting Server will first craft the required 10 Iron Rods, then will craft the Screws when it has enough Iron Rods
the Constructor will automatically be set with the recipe for Iron Rods and then switch to Screws once its finished crafting the rods.

In the recipes tab of the crafting terminal you are able to choose the recipe that you want the on demand crafting system to use for each item
this allows you to tell it to use alternate recipes if they are available, or correct the network if its trying to use the wrong recipe.


== Atomic Crafter
The Atomic Crafter (Tier 9) is a standalone building that allows you to use the crafting servers to instantly craft items.

It requires Dark Matter Residue to be pumped in via pipes and cannot pull it directly from the network

Commit message:

feat: Info related to crafting groups

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/ds/info/crafting.adoc, after:

= Crafting

Digital storage being a network storage system allows for 2 different methods of crafting items
Both methods require the resources in the network to be able to craft items. and partition space available for the output items.

== Continuous Crafting
Continuous crafting is exactly like how vanilla Satisfactory works, but without needing conveyors

The Buildings need the Factory Connection Adapter installed and the desired recipe to be set

== On Demand Crafting

On Demand Crafting will only craft the item(s) when you choose to craft them. 

This requires a few extra devices: Crafting Terminal, Crafting Server, and the correct building with the crafting adapter

=== Crafting Groups

New functionality was added to the Crafting Update that adds crafting groups. These groups allows you to assign any number of Crafting Servers and Atomic Crafters into a group.
You can then select the group when you start a crafting task.

[IMPORTANT]
====
You must make sure the group has at least one crafting server or atomic crafter otherwise the crafting task will not run.
====

To create a new Crafting Group open the Crafting Terminal then go to Crafting Groups tab.

On the top left there is text field to enter a crafting group name then press the plus button to add the group.

To assign a crafting group to a crafting server or atomic crafter, open the UI for the device and click the settings button in the top right.
Once assigned use the Multitool to copy and paste the group to the other devices.

[NOTE]
====
The building does not need to have a recipe set inside it the crafting adapter will choose the appropriate recipe for the crafting task
====

On Demand Crafting allows you to auto-craft items sequentially as long as the root items are available and there are enough Crafting Servers available
I.e. to craft 40 screws from Iron Ingots directly you need a minimum of the following:

* A working network
* 1 Constructor with a Crafting adapter
* 1 Crafting Server
* 1 Item Server
* 1 drive with 3 partitions for the Iron Ingots, Iron Rods and Screws
* 10 Iron Ingots available in the drive storage

When you choose to craft the 40 Screws the Crafting Server will first craft the required 10 Iron Rods, then will craft the Screws when it has enough Iron Rods
the Constructor will automatically be set with the recipe for Iron Rods and then switch to Screws once its finished crafting the rods.

In the recipes tab of the crafting terminal you are able to choose the recipe that you want the on demand crafting system to use for each item
this allows you to tell it to use alternate recipes if they are available, or correct the network if its trying to use the wrong recipe.


== Atomic Crafter
The Atomic Crafter (Tier 9) is a standalone building that allows you to use the crafting servers to instantly craft items.

It requires Dark Matter Residue to be pumped in via pipes and cannot pull it directly from the network
