docs/modules/ROOT/pages/ds/info/drives.adoc, before:

= Drives

There are 3 categories of drives: Item, Fluid and Gas, each with different sizes.
The different Drives can only go into their respective servers

The Tier 3 milestone lets you unlock the base drives, the additional drive unlocks are under the DS tab of the MAM

[NOTE]
====
unfiltered partitions allow any item to fill that partition, best practice: have all partitions filtered for desired item

There may be a moment between creating the partition on an existing network and setting the partition filter where the new partition starts filling up
once the partition filter is set the items will go into the servers buffer and allow the filtered item to start filling the drive
====

== Item Drives
Drive sizes are the following: 256, 512, 1K, 2K, 4k, 8k and 16K

The 256 - 2k drives can hold 4 partitions Max, while the 4k, 8k and 16k drives can hold 8 total partitions.


== Fluid Drives
Drive sizes are the following: 10m3, 20m3, 40m3 and 60m3

The 10m3 drive can hold 4 partitions, the other 3 can all hold 8 partitions

[NOTE]
====
In the partitions fluids will display as Litres i.e. 10m3 drive with one full water partition will display as 10,000 `1000(L) per m3`
====

== Gas Drives
Drive sizes are the following: 40m3 and 60m3

Both Gas Drives can hold 8 partitions

[NOTE]
====
Gas will display the same as fluids in the partitions
====

Commit message:

Updated Docs for Realistic drives (#18)
* Updated DS Drive Docs for realsitc drive update

* fixed tier list for the heaters (coal is t3 not T5)

* Drive Page Grammar Updates

---------

Co-authored-by: Phishinabowl <matt.procaccino@gmail.com>

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/ds/info/drives.adoc, after:

= Drives

There are 3 categories of drives: Item, Fluid and Gas, each with different sizes.
The different Drives can only go into their respective servers

The Tier 3 milestone lets you unlock the base item drive, the additional drive unlocks are under the DS tab in the MAM

[NOTE]
====
Unfiltered partitions allow any item to fill that partition, best practice: have all partitions filtered for desired item
Drive Recipes may change in a future update
====

== Drive Terminal
Setting up and partitioning drives is done using the Drive Terminal

* First insert a drive and drag the orange bar up to lock in a drive, the drive can then be named (Optional) and formatted.
** Once Locked the drive information will show the details of the drive
* Once initially formatted the GUI will now have different options
** Edit Drive - create and edit drive partitions adding filters at the same time
** Drive Templates - create and set partition templates to pre format the drives with pre-configured partition quantities and sizes.
** Wipe Drive - Delete all remaining items in the drive and remove all partitions
* Once Drive is formatted and configured, lowering the orange bar will unlock the drive and you can drag the drive back into your inventory.

[NOTE]
====
* setting item filters in the Edit Drive GUI is still required when drive templates are used.
* as of writing drives cannot be emptied back into the network, that will change with a later update
====

== Item Drives
Drive sizes are the following: 256, 512, 1K, 2K, 4k, 8k, 16K, 32K and 64K

The 256 - 2k drives can hold 4 partitions Max, while the 4k and above drives can hold 8 total partitions.

== Fluid Drives
Drive sizes are the following: 10{nbsp}m³, 20m{nbsp}m³, 40{nbsp}m³, 60{nbsp}m³, 120{nbsp}m³ and 240{nbsp}m³

The 10{nbsp}m³ drive can hold 4 partitions, the others can all hold 8 partitions

[NOTE]
====
In the partitions fluids will display as Litres i.e. 10{nbsp}m³ drive with one full water partition will display as 10,000 `1000(L) per {nbsp}m³`
====

== Gas Drives
Drive sizes are the following: 40{nbsp}m³, 60{nbsp}m³, 120{nbsp}m³ and 240{nbsp}m³

Gas Drives can hold 8 partitions

[NOTE]
====
Gas will display the same as fluids in the partitions
====
