docs/modules/ROOT/pages/ds/gettingstarted/index.adoc, before:

= Getting Started

== First Steps

The first steps to getting started with Digital Storage is to unlock the first Milestone (Basic Networks) in the HUB at Tier 3.

This will unlock the first buildings and items in the mod.

* Buildables:
   ** Network Distributor
   ** Network Power Adapters
   ** Network Cable
   ** Network Pole
   ** Server Rack
   ** Storage Terminal
   ** Storage Connection Adapter

* Items:
   ** Network Cable

== Building Your First Network

=== Network Distributor

The *Network Distributor* is the Hub for each network just like a router in your home.

[NOTE]
====
You can only build one Network Distributor per network.
====

You can change the name of the network in the *Network Distributor* UI or create new networks.

Using the UI select the network you wish to associate the *Network Distributor* with.

=== Networking

Just like in game everything needs to be connected. Digital Storage has its own network system.

Each building in the mod will have a Network Connection and a Network Indicator to show if the building is connected to the network.

Connect the Network Distributor to a *Network Pole* using a *Network Cable*

[IMPORTANT]
====
The Network Distributor must be connected to a Network Pole and not directly to a Building.
====

=== Network Power

Each Digital Storage buildable requires network power.

Adding Power to the network is done using the *Network Power Adapter*, Simply connect the building to a Network Pole and Power Pole.

The *Network Power Adapter* can be daisy chained (Both Network & Power) to other Power Adapters.

You will need to specify the network where the power is assigned through the buildings UI.

[NOTE]
====
The Network you specify in the Power Adapters UI will need to be the same network you assigned on the Network Distributor.
E.g Power Adapter -> Network Pole -> Network Distributor
====

=== Network Storage

To add network Item/Fluid/Gas storage to the network you will first need a *Server Rack*.

The *Server Rack* allows *Servers* to be snapped and placed inside and has 16 slots (Units) for servers.

A *Server* can take up 1 or 2 slots in the *Server Rack* and is identified by the marking (1U or 2U)

[NOTE]
====
You can mix different sizes of server to the *Server Rack*.

For-Example:

* Server 1U
* Server 2U
* Server 1U
* Server 1U

====

The *Server Rack* has a network connection and will propagate the connection to all snapped servers in the rack.

=== Network Storage Drives

In the mod, storage can be increased by adding more Storage Drives to the network.

Adding these drives to the Servers UI allows the network to store items in the Server.

The total amount of items a drive can hold is identified in the Item name e.g. DS Drive (256)
In this example the total number of items the drive can store is 256.

By default a Drive can hold 1 type of Item. For-example 256x Iron Ore.

You can increase the amount of item types by using Partitions. Each drive has a limited amount of partitions.

Splitting the drive using partitions means you can have multiple item types but less storage for that type.

For-Example:

* 100x Iron Ore
* 100x Iron Ingot
* 56x Iron Rod

=== Storage Terminals

The *Storage Terminal* allows you to view and import/export items to/from your inventory.

You can request items directly into your inventory or to the output slots in the UI.


=== Storage Connection Adapters

A *Storage Connection Adapter* can snap to Storage Containers and allows an interface to the network.

You can set the Adapter to import or export items to/from the network storage. You can also set the amount the container is to maintain (Keep only 100 items in the container) or to Fill/Empty the container.

The other type of Storage Connection Adapter is the *Pipe Connection Adapter* which has a Pipe input connection and Pipe output connection.

This allows you to connect directly to your pipe network to import/export to/from network storage.

Commit message:

Updated Docs for Realistic drives (#18)
* Updated DS Drive Docs for realsitc drive update

* fixed tier list for the heaters (coal is t3 not T5)

* Drive Page Grammar Updates

---------

Co-authored-by: Phishinabowl <matt.procaccino@gmail.com>

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/ds/gettingstarted/index.adoc, after:

= Getting Started

== First Steps

The first steps to getting started with Digital Storage is to unlock the first Milestones (Basic Networks) and (Basic Drives) in the HUB at Tier 3.

This will unlock the first buildings and items in the mod.

* Buildables:
   ** Network Distributor
   ** Network Power Adapters
   ** Network Cable
   ** Network Pole
   ** Server Rack
   ** Storage Terminal
   ** Storage Connection Adapter

* Items:
   ** Network Cable

== Building Your First Network

=== Network Distributor

The *Network Distributor* is the Hub for each network just like a router in your home.

[NOTE]
====
You can only build one Network Distributor per network.
====

You can change the name of the network in the *Network Distributor* UI or create new networks.

Using the UI select the network you wish to associate the *Network Distributor* with.

=== Networking

Just like in game everything needs to be connected. Digital Storage has its own network system.

Each building in the mod will have a Network Connection and a Network Indicator to show if the building is connected to the network.

Connect the Network Distributor to a *Network Pole* using a *Network Cable*

[IMPORTANT]
====
The Network Distributor must be connected to a Network Pole and not directly to a Building.
====

=== Network Power

Both the *Network Power Adapter* and the *Network Distributor* needs to be connected to the main power grid.

Adding Power to the network is done using the *Network Power Adapter*, Simply connect the building to a Network Pole and Power Pole.

The *Network Power Adapter* can be daisy chained (Both Network & Power) to other Power Adapters.

You will need to specify the network where the power is assigned through the buildings UI.

[NOTE]
====
* Power Adaptors will automatically link to the connected network set in the Network Distributor
* If the power fuse trips on a network you will receive a popup on screen telling you the network that tripped
====

=== Network Storage

To add network Item/Fluid/Gas storage to the network you will first need a *Server Rack*.

The *Server Rack* allows *Servers* to be snapped and placed inside and has 16 slots (Units) for servers.

A *Server* can take up 1 or 2 slots in the *Server Rack* and is identified by the marking (1U or 2U)

[NOTE]
====
You can mix different sizes of server to the *Server Rack*.

For-Example:

* Server 1U
* Server 2U
* Server 1U
* Server 1U

====

The *Server Rack* has a network connection and will propagate the connection to all snapped servers in the rack.

=== Network Storage Drives

In the mod, storage can be increased by adding more Storage Drives to the network.

Adding these drives to the Servers UI allows the network to store items in the Server.

The total amount of items a drive can hold is identified in the Item name e.g. DS Drive (256)
In this example the total number of items the drive can store is 256.

You set how many items of what type using partitions. Each drive has a limited amount of partitions that can be added.

Splitting the drive using multiple partitions means you can have multiple item types but less storage for that type.

For-Example:

* 100x Iron Ore
* 100x Iron Ingot
* 56x Iron Rod

for more information about drives and partitioning them see the xref:ds/info/drives.adoc[Drives] page

=== Storage Terminals

The *Storage Terminal* allows you to view and import/export items to/from your inventory.

You can request items directly into your inventory or to the output slots in the UI.

=== Drive Terminals

Drive terminals are used to configure blank drive to be used in servers.


=== Storage Connection Adapters

A *Storage Connection Adapter* can snap to Storage Containers and allows an interface to the network.

You can set the Adapter to import or export items to/from the network storage. You can also set the amount the container is to maintain (Keep only 100 items in the container) or to Fill/Empty the container.

The other type of Storage Connection Adapter is the *Pipe Connection Adapter* which has a Pipe input connection and Pipe output connection.

This allows you to connect directly to your pipe network to import/export to/from network storage.
